# Keeping the Oldies Young

Since a young age, I have been obsessed with the music of my parents' generation. No, I was never an "I was born in the wrong generation!" kid, but I always appreciated the music of the past more than that popular in society today. I always pushed my friends to listen to the same music I was so passionate about, and many of them grew to love the same artists and even find a few favorites of their own. For that reason, I thought it would be fun to share some of my favorite artists and some of their history that makes them so interesting.

When brainstorming for this project, I started to wonder how I could make it more interesting.  In all honesty, a page full of information on a dead or old singer usually does not catch the eye of many people my age. That is when I came upon the idea of including music--in all honesty, I had no idea how to do so when I started this project--that was by those artists, but with a modern twist. Some of the songs I already new, such as Young Thug's "High", which is actually a song my friend showed me and we have loved ever since.

I am no music snob and I sometimes see the way my parents take offense when I say a remix or cover of a song is better than the original (much controversy over  The Lumineers "Walls", a cover of the original by Tom Petty, in this household). While most of the songs I included in my opinion come no where near as great as the originals, I thought it was a fun way to ease people who may not be as excited by the idea of oldies into such music.

It was hard picking the artists I wanted to include and, in the end, a lot of the selection came down to whether there was music available for use that fit my criteria. For example, Johnny Cash is my favorite artist of all time, in addition to having a very heart-wrenching life story, but there just was not much out there to choose from in terms of modern-renditions of Cash. In the end, I love the artists I chose to write about and am really excited at how the site came out.

I chose to divide the website into four main selections: home, Bowie, Elton John, and stories. Under the stories tab, I included a backstory on a Blondie song as well as stories behind two of my favorite Clapton songs. This is definitely a project I see myself coming back to as it was really challenging yet super rewarding. Even if it took hours to figure out how to do a small piece (I'm looking at you, drop down menu!), it was really rewarding to actually accomplish it!